ASU Tempe Student Apartment Review: Apollo Tempe (Updated for 2026)
By Maddy
If you’re an ASU student looking for your next place to call home, you may feel overwhelmed by all the student apartments available in Tempe.
While we feel that Rambler Tempe’s diverse floor plan options, top-of-the-line amenities, and premium location will check all the boxes on any ASU student’s checklist, we understand the importance of comparing all of your options before making a final decision.
To help make this comparison process easier, we have written this article reviewing another student apartment, Apollo Tempe.
Photo courtesy of Apollo Tempe.
The Basics
First, we’ll review some of the basics of the property.`
Address:
1100 E Apache Blvd
Year Opened:
2020
Number of Units:
327
Number of Stories:
6
Location
Apollo Tempe is just half a mile from ASU’s campus and 1.5 miles from Mill Avenue District. It’s close to campus buildings like the Memorial Union and the Sun Devil Fitness Complex.
Additionally, Apollo Tempe is near popular dining options, including Chutneys Indian Express, Voodoo Donuts, Someburros, Honey 2 A Bee and Taco Bell.
READ NEXT:
Student Housing vs. Traditional Apartments Near ASU
Amenities
Photo courtesy of Apollo Tempe.
At Apollo Tempe, residents have access to a variety of amenities including a rooftop pool with a spa, fire pits and grills, a ground-level pool with infinity waterfall, rooftop and ground level fitness centers, a yoga studio, a rock wall, two clubrooms, study lounges, an outdoor basketball court, a zen area and dog park.
Parking
If you were planning on bringing a car to ASU, Apollo Tempe has onsite parking available for purchase on a first come, first serve basis for an additional monthly fee of $125.
READ NEXT
:
Pros and Cons of Bringing a Car to Campus at ASU
Pricing and Floor Plans
Photo courtesy of Apollo Tempe.
Apollo Tempe has floor plans ranging from 1×1 to 4×4. Every apartment has stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, a washer and dryer and wifi.
As of publication in February 2026, monthly rental rates range anywhere from $1,199 to $1,929 depending on the floor plan. Rates may vary throughout the lease-up season, as student housing communities typically use a tiered pricing system, with rates increasing as leases are signed. This means signing early can help you lock in lower rates before they increase closer to the school year.
Apollo Tempe is a pet-friendly community with the exception of large dogs. As of February 2026, if residents chose to bring a pet, they will pay a one-time non-refundable pet deposit of $300 and a recurring pet rent of $50 per month.
We hope this information helps you decide where the best place is for you near ASU in Tempe. If you have any further questions or would like to learn more about Rambler Tempe, pay us a visit at Rambler House or
contact our leasing staff.
We’re happy to assist you in your search for housing!
Note: All rates current as of time of publication.
Maddy
Maddy is one of the Rambler Tempe Leasing and Marketing Associates. She’s a junior at Arizona State University studying Accounting. Her Daydreamer order is strawberry matcha. Maddy’s interests are going to concerts, attending workout classes, and traveling the world.
January 01, 2026
Apartment Reviews