Tempe Student Apartment Review: Canvas Tempe (Updated for 2026)
By Riah
Feeling overwhelmed by the abundance of student housing options near ASU Tempe? You’re not alone. Choosing the right home can feel like navigating a maze. At Rambler Tempe, we’ve assisted countless students in finding the right home for them. We’re here to simplify the search to help you find the best off-campus home for you.
To help you make an informed decision, here’s our honest review of another student housing property: Canvas Tempe.
We’ll review Canvas Tempe’s location, amenities, parking, pricing and floor plans so you can decide if it’s the right fit.
Canvas Tempe Basics
To start, let’s take a look at a list of quick stats about the Canvas property:
Address:
1028 E Orange St., Tempe, AZ 85281
Year Built
: 2021
Number of Beds:
826
Number of Units
: 285
Number of Stories:
7
Canvas Tempe Location
Located at 1028 E. Orange St., Canvas Tempe provides an ideal location for ASU students, only a short walk from campus and close to the lively atmosphere of downtown Tempe. Positioned conveniently near popular spots like the Memorial Union and Hayden Library, as well as the dining and entertainment along Mill Avenue, Canvas Tempe ensures students can easily access ASU’s academic and social life.
Students living at Canvas Tempe also benefit from nearby options like the Sun Devil Marketplace and ASU’s fitness and community centers—all within a brief walk, allowing residents to stay fully connected to campus and the surrounding community. Canvas is also located near other popular student housing options, including
Vertex
,
The District
and
Oliv
.
Amenities at Canvas Tempe
Pool deck at Canvas Tempe. Photo courtesy of Canvas Tempe.
Canvas Tempe provides a modern student living experience tailored for ASU students, with amenities that support both academic and personal well-being. Canvas Tempe offers residents access to a rooftop pool and sundeck for relaxation and scenic views, along with a 24/7 fitness center that includes a dedicated yoga studio. For academic needs, Canvas Tempe provides private and group study areas, as well as a computer lab equipped with both Mac and PC computers and free printing.
Social spaces like an esports lounge, podcast studio, and outdoor lounges with fire pits encourage community and relaxation, making Canvas Tempe a well-rounded choice for student living.
Parking at Canvas Tempe
If you’re planning to bring a car to school, Canvas Tempe provides on-site parking for an additional monthly fee of $125 (at the time of publication). Be sure to ask the leasing team for the most up-to-date pricing and availability.
Read Next:
Ultimate Guide to Tempe
Parking near ASU
Canvas Tempe Pricing and Floorplans
Representative living room at Canvas Tempe. Photo courtesy of Canvas Tempe.
Canvas Tempe offers fully furnished apartments with flexible pricing options to accommodate various budgets. Floor plans include studios, one-bedroom, two-bedroom, three-bedroom and four-bedroom layouts, providing a range of choices for students. This community is pet-friendly, with a one-time pet fee of $300 and a monthly pet rent of $25 per pet (at the time of publication).
As of February 2026, rates for the 2026–2027 leasing period range from approximately $999 to $2,199 per person, per month, depending on the unit type and floor plan. Please note these prices are accurate at the time of publication, but rates may vary throughout the leasing season, as student housing communities often use a tiered pricing system, with rates increasing as leases are signed.
Read Next:
10 Additional Costs to Consider When Signing at an Off-Campus Apartment
Finding the perfect ASU housing is a big decision, but with the right information, you’re ready to take the next step.
Ready to explore your options?
Schedule a tour
at
Rambler Tempe
or reach out to
our leasing office
.
Note: All rates current as of time of publication.
Riah
Riah is one of the Rambler Tempe Leasing and Marketing Associates. She’s a sophomore at Arizona State University majoring in Digital Audiences. Her Daydreamer go-to drink is an iced matcha with vanilla syrup. Riah also loves going to concerts and thrifting.
January 01, 2026
Apartment Reviews