ASU Tempe Student Apartment Review: The District on Apache (Updated for 2026)
By Kennedy
With so many housing options in Tempe, finding the perfect place to live near ASU can be a challenging process.
While we are confident that Rambler Tempe’s variety of floor plan options, trendy amenities and prime location will suit the needs of any ASU student, we understand the importance of surveying all of your options before making a final decision on where to live.
To help make this comparison process easier, we have written this review of another ASU student apartment, The District on Apache.
Photo courtesy of The District On Apache
The Basics
To begin, let’s go over some of the basics.
Address:
977 E Apache Blvd
Year Opened:
2013
Number of Units:
279
Number of Stories:
7
Location
The District on Apache is just half a mile from ASU’s campus and 1.5 miles from the Mill Avenue District. It’s near campus buildings like the MU and the Sun Devil Fitness Complex.
The District on Apache is also near many food spots such as Chutneys Indian Express, Voodoo Donuts, Someburros, Honey 2 A Bee and Taco Bell.
READ NEXT:
Student Housing vs. Traditional Apartments Near ASU
Amenities
At The District on Apache, residents will have access to several onsite amenities such as a study lounge, TV lounge, clubhouse, business center, two-story fitness center, multi-sport simulator, pool tables, a sauna, a lazy river and outdoor grills.
Parking
For anyone looking to bring their car to campus, The District on Apache has onsite parking available on a first come, first serve basis for an additional monthly fee of $110.
READ NEXT:
Pros and Cons of Bringing a Car to Campus at ASU
Pricing and Floor Plans
Photo courtesy of The District On Apache
The District on Apache offers floor plan options ranging from 1×1 to 4×4. Each apartment comes with a fully-furnished with stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, a full-sized washer and dryer and high speed internet.
As of publication in February 2026, monthly rental rates range anywhere from $1,115 to $1,435 depending on the floor plan. These rates are subject to change. Due to the tiered system student apartments use, most apartments raise their rates throughout the lease-up season after a certain number of leases are signed.
READ NEXT:
Can signing earlier save me money?
The District on Apache is a pet friendly community. As of February 2026, residents who bring their pets pay a one-time pet deposit of $300 and a recurring pet rent of $35 per month.
We hope this article gives you a better understanding of the housing options available to ASU students near campus. If you have any questions or would like to learn more,
please reach out to our leasing staff
or pay a visit to Rambler House. We are happy to help in your search for housing!
Kennedy
Kennedy is a Leasing & Marketing Associate at Rambler. She is a sophomore at ASU studying Finance. In her free time, you’ll find her hiking, lying by the pool, traveling, and watching movies!
January 01, 2026
Apartment Reviews