ASU Tempe Student Apartment Review: Union Tempe (Updated for 2026)
By Riah
If you’re looking for a place to live in Tempe near ASU for the next school year, you might be overwhelmed by all of the housing options available.
At Rambler Tempe, we are confident that our variety of floor plan options, trendy amenities, and prime location will suit the needs of any ASU student. With that being said, we understand the importance of surveying all of your options before making a final decision.
To help you in this decision-making process, we have written this review of another student apartment near ASU Tempe, Union Tempe.
Photo courtesy of Union Tempe.
The Basics
To begin, let’s review some basics of the property.
Address:
712 S Forest Ave
Year Opened:
2018
Number of Units:
407
Number of Stories:
20
Location
Union Tempe is located north of ASU campus at 712 S Forest Avenue. It is less than a five minute walk from campus locations such as the College of Design and Art Building.
Union is also near several restaurants and food spots such as Insomnia, Alter Ego, Sauce Pizza and Wine, Nekter Juice Bar, Pokeworks and Starbucks.
Read Next:
Student Housing vs. Traditional Apartments Near ASU
Amenities
Photo courtesy of Union Tempe.
Like many student apartments in the area, Union offers several amenities to its residents.
At Union, residents will have access to a pool, hot tub, fitness center, dog wash, clubhouse and a business center.
Parking
For those opting to bring their cars to campus, Union Tempe has onsite parking. As of February 2026, reserved spots are available for purchase for an additional monthly fee of $155.
Read Next
:
Pros and Cons of Bringing a Car to Campus at ASU
Pricing and Floor Plans
Photo courtesy of Union Tempe.
Union Tempe has the following floor plan options: studio, 1×1, 2×1, 2×2, 3×2, 3×2.5, 4×2, 4×3, 4×4 and 5×4. Every apartment has stainless steel appliances, granite countertops, a washer and dryer and wifi.
Union Tempe offers both individual rates and full unit rates depending on unit type. As of publication in February 2026, monthly rates start from $889 per person, per month for private rental to full unit pricing up to $1,450 depending on unit type. Rates may vary throughout the lease-up season, as student housing communities typically use a tiered pricing system, with rates increasing as leases are signed. This means signing early can help you lock in lower rates before they increase closer to the school year.
Union Tempe is a pet friendly community. As of publication in February 2026, there is a one-time pet deposit of $300 and a recurring pet rent of $35 per month if you choose to bring a pet.
We hope that this information will help you better compare your off-campus housing options for ASU Tempe students. For any questions or to learn more about Rambler Tempe, please don’t hesitate to
contact our leasing staff
or visit us at Rambler House.
We’re happy to assist you in your search for housing!
Riah
Riah is one of the Rambler Tempe Leasing and Marketing Associates. She’s a sophomore at Arizona State University majoring in Digital Audiences. Her Daydreamer go-to drink is an iced matcha with vanilla syrup. Riah also loves going to concerts and thrifting.
January 01, 2026
Apartment Reviews