ASU Tempe Student Apartment Review: University House Tempe (Updated for 2026)
By Alex
With so many housing options for ASU students in Tempe, finding the perfect apartment for the school year can be a difficult task.
We are confident that Rambler Tempe’s variety of floor plan options, unique amenities, and ideal location will check all the boxes on your dream apartment list. Nevertheless, we understand how important it is to survey all of your options before making a final decision.
To help make your comparison process easier, we have written this article reviewing another student apartment near ASU, University House Tempe.
Photo courtesy of University House Tempe.
The Basics
To start, let’s go over some of the basics of the property.
Address:
323 E Veterans Way
Year Opened:
2015
Number of Units:
72
Number of Stories:
18
Location
University House Tempe is located at
323 E Veterans Way
. This spot is North of ASU’s campus and is near Ragsdale-MLK Park, Mountain America Stadium, and Desert Financial Arena.
University House is also close to several food spots including Snooze, Shawarma Factory and Starbucks.
READ NEXT:
Student Housing vs. Traditional Apartments Near ASU
Amenities
Photo courtesy of University House Tempe.
University House Tempe has a variety of onsite amenities including pool, hot tub, cabana area with TVs, volleyball court, fitness center, yoga room, indoor and outdoor study areas, business center, private study rooms, and a clubroom.
Parking
If you are looking to bring a car to campus with you, University House Tempe has onsite parking on a first come, first serve basis for an additional monthly fee of $125.
READ NEXT
:
Pros and Cons of Bringing a Car to Campus at ASU
Pricing and Floor Plans
Photo courtesy of University House Tempe.
University House Tempe has a range of floor plans from studio to 5×5. Every apartment comes fully-furnished with stainless steel appliances, a full size washer and dryer, and wifi.
As of publication in February 2026, monthly rental rates range anywhere from $1,109 to $1,849 depending on the floor plan. Rates may vary throughout the lease-up season, as student housing communities typically use a tiered pricing system, with rates increasing as leases are signed. This means signing early can help you lock in lower rates before they increase closer to the school year.
University House Tempe is a pet-free community.
We hope that this information will help you better compare your off-campus housing options for ASU Tempe students. For any questions or to learn more about Rambler Tempe, please don’t hesitate to visit Rambler House or
contact our leasing staff
. We’re happy to assist you in your search for housing!
Alex
Alex is a Leasing and Marketing Associate at Rambler Tempe. She’s currently a sophomore at Arizona State University as a Business Marketing Major and pursuing a Fashion minor. In her free time, you’ll find Alex shopping or playing with her French bulldog, Louis.
January 01, 2026
Apartment Reviews